Celestia config: unify casing and deny unknown fields (#3014)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# 2026-06-24

> - #PR_NUMBER Celestia config: aligns the `compression` and `tx_priority` config enums to lowercase/snake_case so they match `verify_on_fetch_mode` (e.g. `compression = "lz4"`, `tx_priority = "high"`). Previously these required PascalCase (`"Lz4"`, `"High"`) and a natural lowercase value was rejected, crashing the node at startup. `tx_priority` keeps PascalCase aliases (`"Low"`/`"Medium"`/`"High"`) for back-compat; `compression` (unreleased) switches from `"Off"`/`"Lz4"` to `"off"`/`"lz4"` without an alias.

Author: ```suggestion
- #3014 Celestia config: aligns the `compression` and `tx_priority` config enums to lowercase/snake_case so they match `verify_on_fetch_mode` (e.g. `compression = "lz4"`, `tx_priority = "high"`). Previously these required PascalCase (`"Lz4"`, `"High"`) and a natural lowercase value was rejected, crashing the node at startup. `tx_priority` keeps PascalCase aliases (`"Low"`/`"Medium"`/`"High"`) for back-compat; `compression` (unreleased) switches from `"Off"`/`"Lz4"` to `"off"`/`"lz4"` without an alias.
```
